c:\users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\GSB-FicheFrais.dll
c:\users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\GSB-FicheFrais.pdb
c:\users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\GSB_FicheFrais.xap
c:\users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\obj\Debug\GSB-FicheFrais.g.resources
c:\users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\obj\Debug\GSB-FicheFrais.dll
c:\users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\obj\Debug\GSB-FicheFrais.pdb
c:\users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\GSB-FicheFrais.dll.config
C:\Users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\obj\Debug\GSB-FicheFrais.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\Spring.Rest.dll
C:\Users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\Spring.Rest.pdb
C:\Users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\Spring.Rest.xml
C:\Users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\RestSharp.WindowsPhone.dll
C:\Users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\RestSharp.WindowsPhone.xml
C:\Users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
C:\Users\tpepsi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GSB-FicheFrais\GSB-FicheFrais\obj\Debug\Fiche.g.i.cs
